you
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
The voice that you hear is that of Jonathan J. Kui.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage.
If you'd like to research my previous academic work, you can look at the National Library of Medicine's website, PubMed, and use my last name, C-O-U-E-Y, first name Jonathan, last name Kui.
You can also buy that book down there and only read the parts that I am listed as contributing in the index and also get a pretty good idea of what's going on here.
Don't ask Jay Bhattacharya.
He's not an expert in anything.
He defers to me, at least during the pandemic, for all things biological.
If you want to see a kind of comical misrepresentation of my pandemic ideologies on Substack, you can go to Woodhouse 76.
That's pretty funny.
Anyway, thanks for being here.
I used to work for Children's Health Defense, but that's just a fraudulent front that's been misleading parents for quite a few years now.
If you want to spread this work, the best way to help is to share it online.
So I'm looking for more people to support, obviously, but the way that we're going to find those people is more people have to realize that this work exists.
Dare to share it with your friends on the left.
Dare to share it with your friends on the left or your former family members on the left.
GigaOM Biological does have a website, gigaombiological.com, but I gotta tell you where we are cutting edge is actually with stream.gigaom.bio.
If you scroll down here, you can find our own server there, which is actually a PeerTube server.
But the coolest thing about PeerTube is that there is an app.
And that app is called PeerTube.
And that app is available
on the App Store and on Google Play.
And the most amazing thing about this app is in addition to it allowing you to have my work really well streamed, flawlessly almost, to your phone or your other devices, but
your data isn't even collected.
You don't need to add any data.
There's no registration.
There's no website that you have to put in your email and then click on the confirm email address.
There's none of that crap.
And no one else can offer you that because no one else is trying to establish something free.
Everyone else,
is working for rumble or working for bigger and badder weaponized piles of money than that.
And the only evidence that you have that I'm not is that I am actually trying to maintain an independent presence and not trying to collect your email.
Now, I understand when you use PayPal to help me or you use Sendile to help me, you're giving your email to someone in there with your credit cards and stuff.
I don't have any alternatives to that.
What I'm talking about is not asking you to install an app like Rumble.
I'm not asking you to register or install an app like Twitch, even though lots of people following me over the last few years have.
I'm trying to offer an alternative and this alternative is actually not garbage.
It's amazing.
And so if you need any help at all installing it, let me know.
You just got to find the way to install by URL.
So you search for other Peertune platforms, put some random things in like stream.gigaohm and it won't find it, but it will offer you another button to push.
And that other button will be
Enter the platform by URL and then just put this same thing in and presto change.
Oh, you will have Giga home biological the last 10 videos Available and when you touch them, they'll start playing no pauses.
No nothing and
And Housatonic will be there when he posts videos, because right now stream.gigaohm.bio, financially speaking at least, is split roughly between Housatonic and myself, even though I am kind of, me and somebody else by the name of Ted are keeping this running.
Mark doesn't have anything to do with that.
Financially, he is
helping and therefore of course he's got his own channel there and you will see his videos if you if you um kind of add stream.gigaom.bio to the app and that's what will show up there now you can even watch the live stream there which is really cool i don't think you can interact with the chat from the app
Although I could be wrong, and if I am wrong and somebody figures that out, please let me know.
But again, because there's no login, every time you would use the chat on the website, you'd still have to put some kind of name in, and you're always gonna get that same symbol.
And actually, when you download this app, you will use an account on the app, but it's the same account that everybody uses.
It's Sepia the Cuttlefish, and you just use that account as a way of storing data on your phone about what videos you wanna watch, mainly stream.gigohome.bio.
So I can't stress enough, you know, Russell Brand, CHD, none of these places are offering this level of anonymity, this level of freedom, this level of lack of data collection, none of them.
So many of them are on Rumble and Locals and Gab and these other things and want you to register.
And so I want you to see how hardcore I am, how serious I am about this, because Truth Social, the Twitter alternative for the Trump people, is just a soapbox instance, which I also have at gigaohm.bio.
And so I am very serious about the idea that Housatonic.live should have a soapbox of its own, and we should follow each other.
I am dead serious that Housatonic.live should have his own peer tube, and you would add both GigaOM and then Housatonic, and it would be separate kind of channels on the app.
And I think Joe Marshall should have one, and I think Dan Cohen should have one, and I think we should have a nonprofit that supports that kind of network being
created independent bright web created by sort of vetted content creators, vetted analysts, vetted historians, vetted whatever's journalists.
I think it's a brilliant way forward and I just want you to see how far ahead we are.
You know, Shannon Joy is not doing this.
None of these people on Substack are doing this.
They're doing the opposite of it.
All these people with the little rumble stick in the background are doing the opposite of this.
Please see it.
There is no data, no login, no email.
This is badass.
Right now we're developing a universal vaccine at NIH, which is a vaccine that addresses the entire phylum of viruses.
And so it's a vaccine that mimics natural immunity.
And it is effective against any kind of mutation.
So it doesn't drive the virus to mutate.
And it could be effective.
We believe it's going to be effective against not only coronaviruses, but also flu.
And it's going to be a much safer and much more effective vaccine.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
It always annoys me that I can hear my mouse clicking.
I got to get a less, a less loud clicky mouse for the other, the other, the other computer.
Welcome to the show ladies and gentlemen.
I hope you're, you're achieving the goal of staying focused on the biology, not taking the bait until, oh my gosh, there's a lot of bait out there.
and loving your neighbor.
I'm really excited to report that I'm making a lot of progress there as I've become a dog walker.
This is not a dog walker, but yes, universal vaccine, Henry.
He's all excited and it's going to cover coronavirus and flu.
So it's going to be a pretty magical concoction.
I'm sure it's going to be great.
And they'll probably test it against a placebo.
Hey, if you want to wreck the next barbecue you're at, or you want to stop somebody in their tracks about
about Trump and Biden, why don't you just let them know that autism spectrum disorder is a myth used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and public health is never questioned as a reason.
Actually, that's what they did with pandemics and gain-of-function, too.
They're just driving us into a corner, driving us mad, and then, more importantly, they're gonna drop us on our face.
And that's coming really soon, and so I'm trying to prepare the conservative right in America for what's to come.
Because they have been fooled and so far the conservative right in America does not sufficiently understand why the cheese is free on social media and so they don't understand the trap they're in.
I am sure that the left is also trapped in a similar conundrum.
But I find myself over here on what I thought was a conservative right.
And I know we're trapped.
I know we're trapped.
I'm gonna have to drink something here.
Whoa, that's a little dry in there.
Hold on one second.
As you can see, that video in the background is from Sunday, the 19th of July 2020, where I'm already suggesting that there's a lot of endemic signals in the background, and that the current PCR test is not specific for any one of those signals, and so we are being duped by a non-specific test.
And then there might be a lab leak, but you know, I figured that out later.
This is July 2020, ladies and gentlemen, and that should
offer you extra reason why all these people in groups meddled with me for so long, meddled with my family.
Welcome to the show.
I do know that Houston Tonic Live is taking a break.
I do know where he is and what he's doing and who he's hanging out with.
I have a GPS signal that I am monitoring at all times so that if he is meddled with in any way on his trip, I will have his GPS coordinates recorded and we will be able to figure out who the hell it is.
Anyway, welcome to the show.
I got some substacks to recommend, etc.
But actuality, I should have probably just gone with this one and said, you know, let's just play it out.
The truth will set you free, but I assure you it's not going to be easy to find the truth.
There's a lot of small t truth around.
um and uh we are really at a stage where where um you know like like left-handed monkey wrench is saying there mcgenome never really refuted any of my claims even when we were live uh he never refuted my claims um and in fact i had an answer for every one of his sort of you know uh
caveats.
It was pretty spectacular.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Giggle and Biological.
If you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave.
And if not, you might be a skilled TV watcher, a skilled social media user, and still unable to stay focused on the biology.
You might still be taking the bait on social media.
And therefore, you're not really loving your neighbor, even though that's where you should begin every morning.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
Oh, nice.
Are we going to be talking about excrement today?
We are going to be talking about certain friends of ours who are rolling the excrement offstage.
and so right now there's a current theater with regard to this rolling the excrement offstage and it has to do with the mRNA vaccines as appropriate for respiratory viruses or some shit like that and in reality this is all just part of this
this trap.
And you've got to teach your kids that social media is the weapon they are using against us.
Social media is the reason why anybody voted for Trump.
Social media is the only reason why anybody hates Trump.
Social media is the only reason why people know anything about Trump or anything about Epstein or anything about Whitney Webb or anything about Joe Rogan.
And once you show your kids that, that we are being governed by podcasts and podcasters are not coming to save us,
They are not.
They are part of this military weapon that is social media.
We will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light, because that's what we stand for.
And the truth should prevail at all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
We must continue to speak our... You know they eat babies.
That is not bullshit.
It's true.
So it's not just the dogs and the cats, not just the pets?
It's not just the dogs and the cat.
Now, what point am I trying to make here?
The point I'm trying to make here is that this, this here is fifth generation warfare, social media and scripted actors on social media on both sides or all sides of a debate.
And those scripted actors on social media make it very impossible for anyone to have almost a useful, independent thought.
Because as soon as we start scrolling, subconsciously, our thoughts are being filled in.
Our ideas are being filled in, and relevant questions are being agreed upon as we scroll.
I will be the first to admit that I thought that what was going on on the Twitter group Drastic was a legitimate group of people trying to figure it out instead of a theater on social media with direct messaging that was being steered by and coerced by coordinated actors.
I thought they were all independent people.
I now understand them very clearly as people on a script.
that were designed to catch people like me and make me feel like I was part of a mystery solving exercise and in the end feel like I might get called on stage if I just keep helping these people and then they got called on stage.
And that's the way it's always been, ever since Brandy Vaughn, ever since Tony Bark.
ever since there's been anyone that has had a reasonable way of questioning health in general, pharmaceuticals in general, testing in general, and nutrition in general, in case I didn't say that.
Exercise.
All of these things have had
had to be controlled at the start of the pandemic.
They had people in place so at the beginning of the pandemic they could control every question that everyone asked and had people in place to agree on what the most appropriate questions to ask were.
And that is how they use social media to convince us that a pandemic happened.
And the kids that spent the pandemic in high school, for example, need to have it explained to them, probably in a book, about why it is that their teachers were so insistent that something like cloth masks were relevant.
Because we still haven't done that.
We're moving on now, and more specifically, we're talking about the mRNA.
We will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light.
Do you recognize these voices?
And the truth should prevail at all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
You know they eat babies.
That is not bullshit.
So what I'm suggesting to you is, is that going on Tucker Carlson and saying they eat babies and they're vampires is exactly the same as playing that crazy, pretty music and having Ryan Cole and Jessica Rose tell you that the truth is the most sensational thing that you can give anyone or whatever she said.
Things are very dark right now, but also very exposed.
They're very, very exposed.
These people are very exposed as part of this two-party theater, and more specifically, they are exposed as need-to-know basis scripted actors.
No one that's ignoring the opioid epidemic for the last five years.
No one who can't seem to figure out there are population pyramids.
No one who can't seem to figure out that there didn't need to be a novel virus for the numbers to have
become what they've become.
Can blame naivety or just not reading the right papers.
I've been working for 25 years, 18 hours a day, but I haven't made any progress is not an excuse.
And even if you've only been working for the last six years, and you've only been working three hours a day, it's not an excuse to make no progress.
It's not an excuse to have only gotten to the stage where you think it was likely a lab leak.
Because if that's the case, you must be a scripted actor.
You can't be a serious player on the stage.
There are no serious players on stage.
There are only scripted actors.
And Bret Weinstein doesn't need to be sophisticated enough to understand how he's being used, nor does he need to be sophisticated enough to understand the script.
Somebody that plays a Vulcan on Star Trek doesn't have to have a vivid understanding of the Star Trek universe, doesn't need to know the weird relationship between Romulans and Vulcans, and doesn't need to know the specifics about a technology that his lines script him to explain.
He can just say the trans-dimensional warp core is faulty and I'm gonna need to swap it out with the one in the impulse drive and so that's gonna take me some time, Captain.
It doesn't need to mean anything.
And so in this context of a national security theater, these words could all mean a lot.
These potential ideas could all be very enticing and very terrifying, but they still are just scripted lines read by somebody who is effectively a science officer on the Star Trek Enterprise.
He's an actor.
That's really the message that I have right now.
These people are all playing science officers on the Star Trek Enterprise.
That's the best way to see Jessica Rose with her five degrees.
That's the best way to see, you know, Brett Weinstein with the most important discovery about telomeres ever in biology or Eric Weinstein, the guy with the only general theory of physics or, or it's just all, you know, like Bill Gates, like he's a real person.
Like Elon Musk is a real person.
No, they're all on the same Star Trek set.
with different levels of importance.
Some of them are more important in certain scenes.
Most of them are extras.
But if you think of the whole world as a stage, I don't know who said that, then you can see what we're dealing with.
Especially if you think of the whole world as
this, the whole world as a stage, social media as a stage.
Then you can see very clearly why it's not about AI.
It's not about fake videos.
It's not about fake photographs.
It's about fake people on fake scripts.
It's about fake podcasts with fake conversations.
That's why I think this show is so special, because this is just a dad of three, a husband of one, trying to figure it out.
I know how ironic that is.
I'm really happy everybody joined me.
Can I remind you again that PeerTube is really the shiznit and you can just put in my website's URL and you have the video on your phone.
I'm just gonna try this right now and see if it works.
See if it finds the... I was playing another video, so I've got to go down and see if it refreshes.
There's a live one.
There it is.
See how fast that is?
Hopefully that doesn't cause some kind of universe bending repeat cycle or circle or whatever.
I don't know what that was.
I haven't been able to get the PeerTube app to work on my phone.
It won't open up.
I'm not sure how to troubleshoot that one because they do open up very easy for me.
You just install it and open it.
So maybe uninstall it and
Otherwise, maybe we'll get together and talk about it.
I'll make a video, but I haven't had any issues like that.
I don't know who else has.
It's possible that you have too old of a phone.
I don't know, you know, what versions work on what phones.
I have a relatively new phone, so that's possible.
Ladies and gentlemen, endemicity is a myth, both as a process and an endpoint.
And it's extraordinary that none of these people have been able to pick up on that.
It was always kind of an irreducibly complex background.
Let me switch over to this side.
It was always an irreducibly complex background of signals that are derived from everything and derived mostly from bacteria.
And that bacterial background signal is largely composed of phages or the fragments of phage signals.
The story of metagenomic sequencing, for example, is really about phages.
It's not about, you know, human viruses.
And so what we have is an irreducibly complex background that has been oversimplified by nonspecific PCR tests.
It's very likely that the PCR tests that were used in 2020, 21, 22 would have picked up the same percentage of positives in respiratory
let's say diseases like pneumonia or whatever, would have picked up the same number of positives before the pandemic as after this, you know, the declaration of it.
And that is really what's going on here.
We all thought we were ghostbusters because there was ghosts to find, but, you know, just because a bunch of people go on podcasts and don't question effectively the existence of a novel background signal,
that could be misconstrued as something worse, doesn't mean that that wasn't end up the case.
And in fact, by July of 2020, I had already basically figured that part out.
Now recall that that means that all of the meddling besides Kevin McCairn and Paul Cottrell of the George Webb circle,
And, of course, Steve Kerr's circle because Kevin McCarron has been on a stream twice with Kevin McKernan and with this guy, Dr. Vaughn.
And so that's pretty remarkable admission that they're all kind of on one team.
Also, Kevin McKernan has said live on a huge podcast that it was Charles Rixey who helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
write this book, which is an absolute lie.
And the interesting thing about that is there's a bunch of people listed in this book that know that's a lie.
So the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project went on a giant podcast and lied about who helped Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
with this book.
And because he lied about Rixey, the guy who came to my house, because he lied about Rixey, the guy that I guess I kind of got fired because he was streaming with Kevin McCairn, the first person that I ever streamed with or met at the beginning of the pandemic and did it five weekends in a row.
You see, that guy was recruited from the very beginning to recruit me, to get me to be this drastic lab leak guy.
And then they put Charles Rixey on me.
Then they put Piper Stover on me.
Then they put Brett Weinstein and Chris Martinson and Alexandros Marinos and Matt Crawford on me.
Then they put Steve Kirsch and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and John Bodwin and Stephanie Seneff on me.
Then they put Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and his whole writing team on me.
Then they put Jessica Hockett and Panda and Nick Hudson and Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal on me.
Then they put CHD on me with Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Meryl Nass.
And then they fired me.
And now I'm here.
So no one's gotten this far.
I hate to say it, but no one has gotten this far in being able to describe how the pandemic was orchestrated, how the lie was orchestrated.
No one has gotten this far to tell you that there was also a background expectation in the population pyramid.
No one like Denny Rancourt or Dowd or Nick Hudson, all these people with actuarial scientific training and epistemology and all sorts of shit.
None of them knew that this bump was coming.
None of them can see after shown that this bump means that we expected there to be a lot more people in hospitals dying of pneumonia because every year people die of pneumonia.
And so this anticipated rise in all cause mortality only had to be sculpted by a mythology that resulted in more people dying so that the impact of this bump wouldn't be so great on the Western
health systems that were threatened by it, like NHS and the Canadian health system and America's Medicaid.
At the same time, there's also this huge impetus to change our grandchildren to experimental animals so that all of their medical and genetic data is available from birth, collected from birth in some kind of uniform, homogenous database, which does not yet exist as a goal.
Yes, there are databases like Epic and there are databases like all of the health centers and all of the big universities, but these are all databases that don't work well together.
Most of the databases in the government are Oracle products, which are just horrible.
And so there still has to be a series of prototyping, test runs on collecting a set of genetic data, collecting a set of medical data, trying to get it to interface because you can't collect this stuff with identities.
So you got to de-identify it and then use machine learning algorithms to bring the genome and the medical data together.
And so once they get that whole process going,
and figure out how to do that, the All of Us project at NIH will make a lot more sense.
But we're talking about a long-term, multi-generational plan that we are in the middle of.
And so these scripted actors, at least to a certain extent, understand this, and that's why they accept the script.
And don't worry too much about whether the Romulans are good guys or bad guys right now.
Don't really worry too much about the details of how the expected rise in all-cause mortality, which needs to be managed.
We don't need to worry about the details of how they manage it.
We're responsible for creating a narrative that makes sure that nobody ever realizes that it's not very complicated.
We expected more people to die for the next decade.
And we expected it to be very expensive if we tried to keep all of them alive until, you know, all else failed.
And so what was normally in the bright red here, a very well understood number of people dying essentially of pneumonia every year.
We just stopped treating it correctly for two years in America and a few other countries.
stopped treating urinary tract infections, stopped feeding people, stopped giving them water, over-ventilated them, over-oxygenated them, and that resulted in a sophisticated set of manslaughter and lies that includes people like Grace's dad's kid.
But Scott Shara doesn't seem to be able to point out that it is as simple as, you know, around the United States just using supplementary oxygen inappropriately across the system would result in this.
Ignoring the opioid crisis for five years and maybe even allowing it to get worse would really help this graph get a little more dramatic.
And so there's no way that Robert Malone and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Ryan Cole and Jessica Rose and Pierre Cory and Brett Weinstein all just seem to be unaware of the fact that overuse of supplementary oxygen could be horribly toxic and contribute to this.
They can't not be aware of the fact that the opioid crisis in America is responsible for a million deaths.
500,000 during the pandemic.
It contributed directly to a signal that they have attributed to COVID and that the life expectancy in America has gone down so dramatically and they just won't acknowledge it.
Even the head of NIH specifically won't acknowledge it.
Jimmy Dore and all his guests don't acknowledge it.
Nobody in this fake rumble,
You know, conservative movement has ever made this list and nobody on the left has ever made this list.
And as a result, we are all still fighting because social media keeps us apart.
This list affects everyone.
This list brings everyone together.
This list helps the left understand why the lab leak was bullshit.
It helps the left understand why the natural virus was bullshit.
And so if you're staying focused and not taking your bait, you still, unfortunately, because of me, have seen these clowns and you know that there's nothing more dishonorable than what these people are doing.
They are scripted bullshitters though.
And this that we're gonna watch right now is absolutely magnificent scripted bullshit.
outstanding people who absolutely committed to what we're doing.
It's like a family, you know, these are my family.
I think our goal is to educate, to empower people.
Are you going to succeed in this goal?
Of course.
I mean, there's absolutely no way we can fail.
I think, you know, we've come this far.
You can just see the affection and kindness of the people that are here today.
This is part of a community, and I hope this community will grow bigger and bigger to the extent that we will be able to persuade other people to see the truth and to see the light, because that's what we stand for.
And the truth should prevail at all costs.
And the sacrifices we continue to make to get the truth out there will continue.
And so I would encourage people, wake up.
The truth is the most sensational thing that you could ever report.
It's always going to be what people want to hear.
We must continue to speak our truth.
We fight evil through love.
What we're about at React 19 is really spreading love and caring for our fellow human beings.
Now, I can't really know for sure what React 19 is, but I do know that at the time when I was serving as a staff scientist for Children's Health Defense and was at my second conference in Savannah, Georgia, they had a group that was kind of part of the CHD umbrella group that they had started called React 19.
It had black and white letters and a specific symbol
but this doesn't have that specific symbol and they've changed their website.
They don't use those numbers, those colors, but I would really be surprised if this wasn't essentially the same organization, but they decided to, I don't know, redo their messaging or redo their thing so that it was harder to see that it was CHD, something like that.
But it is,
It is remarkable because I'm not going to watch this within PowerPoint.
I'm going to escape here and do it live.
And maybe we'll watch it a little faster.
I don't know.
But this is going to be brutal.
I just want you to understand this is absolutely brutal.
What am I doing here?
Why don't I hear that?
That's not the right one.
Let's see, why are you so big?
Sorry about that, I'm just trying to find the right... The right... Where did I put it?
Come on, man, don't do this to me.
Maybe I did it in there.
Yes, there we go.
Sorry, I couldn't remember where I put it.
Okay, give me some sound there, kiddos.
Where's my sound testing?
Okay, I'm going to pause it for a second.
I apologize for that little glitch there.
You know, I don't have a producer.
This is going to be way too big.
I'm going to make that small before I can get that over to the third screen here.
All right, I'm very excited because this video is nuts.
I watched the first two minutes and 40 seconds of it and I was just, please help me, K, remain calm.
Please help me remain calm.
Oh my gosh.
All jokes, all jokes.
Yeah.
React 19.
I do really think though was React 19.
Whoa, I'm tiny over there.
React 19 was raising money and awareness of themselves at the CHD second CHD conference.
I'm sure of it.
And I think it's the same.
So if it's connected to curse, that would make extreme sense.
Thank you very much.
Here we go, I told you already, it's a warning, right?
This is pretty hardcore.
MRNA vaccines were hailed as medical breakthroughs in the fight against COVID.
Now the US Department of Health and Human Services is slashing a half billion dollars in government funding for MRNA vaccine development.
The most urgent invention in the world right now is a vaccine that prevents you from getting COVID-19.
It's going to have to go to 7 billion people.
One final way that's promising is the RNA vaccine.
Messenger RNA.
Get it done.
We need it.
We want it fast.
The FDA is fast-tracking a possible coronavirus vaccine.
If we had a pandemic, wink wink, we could emergency authorize this new mRNA technology.
There was never a vaccine made with mRNA.
Messenger RNA, which we had no previous experience with, none.
The mRNA technology scares me.
It's a brand new technology being used.
Do you hear already how they are stressing the fact that it's a brand new technology?
It's not.
That's why I got fired from the University of Pittsburgh because I was yelling at people that these vaccines are not whatever.
They're not vaccines at the time.
I still didn't understand how dumb that is.
But in the lingo and sort of jargon of that science at the time, that was the best I could muster.
They're not vaccines.
They're just transfections because we use them in our mice and monkeys all the time.
What are you doing?
And yet here it is, the beginning of this video is accentuating the idea using people like Paul Offit to tell you that these were new technologies.
We had no, we have no experience with them.
How could we ever know that they would hurt anybody?
I mean, think about that.
Think about how awful it is.
It's really terrible.
When people received their first COVID-19 vaccine, it was the first time their body received lipid nanoparticles.
People historically have this confidence in the concept of, oh, it's just a vaccine.
But think about how disingenuous it is that our friend, Ryan Cole, says that people have this confidence because we call it a vaccine, but then can't tell you that this is an old technology that they're renaming.
Can't tell you that this is a technology that's been used on the academic bench for more than a decade.
He can't tell you that Jonathan Cooey, this guy on Giggle and Biological is the dude who taught me that, even though I have a note in my wallet.
handwritten by Ryan Cole that says exactly that with his phone number and email.
Lipid nanoparticles go everywhere in the body, to the brain, to the bone marrow, to the liver, to the spleen, most importantly, to the reproductive organs.
I regret it every single day that I walked into my local pharmacy to get that shot in my arm.
It's very likely that the mRNA vaccines accelerate coronary artery disease.
Not one more shot should be delivered.
It's a tragedy that it was allowed to happen.
The mRNA vaccines, its uses are being expanded tremendously.
It's perceived that there is a goldmine, a huge amount of potential profit to be made with this new technology.
The funny thing is, I can let that play.
The funny thing is it's not a rented audience.
It's actually the January 2023 trip to Stockholm, Sweden, where he's on stage with Meryl Ness, Sasha Latipova, Asim Malhotra, and freaking Michael Palmer.
So Joel got hurt by the shot.
I'm not making fun of Joel, but whatever.
The most important thing to hear here is that to tell Joel's story, they're not using a voice.
They're using an AI or a chatbot voice, which is stupid.
It was a great practice.
I saw about 6,000 patients in clinic every year, and I did about 800 to 900 surgical procedures per year.
That's a very busy practice.
You took people that were in a lot of pain and functionally disabled from it,
And, you know, you do a joint replacement, like a hip or a knee replacement, and literally six to 12, you know, six weeks later, their life has dramatically changed.
So it was very gratifying for me, too.
I enjoyed getting up every day, and I always told my kids, you know, try to find something that you love, because almost every day I was excited about going to work.
A week after his vaccination, Joel's health began to rapidly decline.
About seven days later, I remember waking up from bed and telling my wife that my feet were numb.
So maybe one week later after my numbness started, I remember I was at work and I was sitting in a clinic room talking to a patient and I tried to stand up and literally my legs wouldn't go.
There was just no reaction.
My legs wouldn't help me stand.
So I remember pushing my, using my hands to push my body up.
And as soon as I tried to stand, I fell.
and just my legs gave out.
And really, it was at that time when I knew that there was something more serious or more ominous going on.
Very quickly, I got diagnosed with a condition called transverse myelitis.
I realized that my condition was much more serious.
And unfortunately, I've never been back to work since.
I couldn't work.
I went through probably every phase of grief.
I certainly was in denial.
I had a long period of being very angry.
Unfortunately, my leg weakness, my leg numbness, my loss of stamina, my balance problems have never improved.
I have about two to four hours on my legs a day, so I can get around most days okay for two to four hours.
But after that, my legs are pretty much done for the day, and I spend a lot of time on my recliner in our family room where I can read and do things like that.
Sometimes I get neuropathic or kind of bad pain flares.
At least he's got a bad-ass house to sit around in.
I mean, you know.
Sometimes the flares are so bad pain-wise or weakness-wise that I have to go on steroids, and the steroids usually can get me out of a flare.
Also, since my injury, it's interesting that my blood pressure has been elevated.
My heart rate's been elevated ever since my injury.
Just about two or three months ago, I started passing out.
So sometimes I could tell where I was getting a little dizzy, but about two months ago, I was sitting at our kitchen table and my kids just said, I started kind of speaking gibberish, then kind of keeled over and fell on the floor.
Probably a stroke.
In the race to end a global pandemic, a novel genetic vaccine technology was fast-tracked under the banner of Operation Warp Speed, and billions of doses were administered worldwide.
Now, the former director of the CDC and an advisor to Operation Warp Speed has raised concerns about what he sees as potential shortcomings of mRNA vaccines.
That's remarkable.
mRNA vaccine where I, and I use this vaccine, help develop it.
I don't use it anymore in my patients.
Redfield believes that while mRNA vaccines helped reduce severe illness, he no longer recommends the technology due to potential risks with spike protein production.
Wow.
That's remarkable.
I turn your body into a factory, but I have no controls over that factory.
I mean, you can make a lot, you can make a little.
And you can make it for a week, you can make it for six months.
I don't think it's unreasonable to go re-examine the safety of what we know about these vaccines.
Wow.
Regulators and the WHO state that COVID vaccines have saved millions of lives with minimal safety concerns.
This vaccine, the mRNA vaccine, has probably saved about three million lives.
I think that was the greatest scientific or medical achievement in my lifetime.
At the same time, it's widely acknowledged that protection wanes.
The current vaccines are not infection blocking.
When new variants come up, you lose protection, and they have very short duration.
Every one of those things is fixable.
While the majority of the scientific community considers the COVID vaccine safe,
Thousands of doctors and scientists are calling for a halt to mRNA vaccines.
I mean, so far, that was Mike Palmer there in the window.
We gotta go back a little bit for that one.
So far we have seen nothing that suggests that there's going to be anything other than resistance to mRNA vaccine and it seems like Robert Malone is one of the guys who's really leading the charge because I don't know why a pathologist from Idaho would have any reason to know that these would be different than any other vaccine.
I'm going to stop here as I realize where I am and I'm going to tell you a story.
Actually I'm going to go like this and I'm going to tell you a story over here.
It might shock you, but it shocked me and it woke me up a lot.
I'm gonna put up another slide here.
This one.
No, this one.
Oops.
Yeah.
So how do I tell this story?
We are from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Um, we live on the, in the South Hills, or we're not really in the South Hills.
We live on the South side, um, in Bethel park.
Um, that is the same township from which the purported shooter of Donald Trump in Beth in Butler, Pennsylvania, uh, went to high school where my son goes to high school.
Um, and, uh, that was just right up the street from me.
I can ride my wheel there in about two minutes.
And we have a doctor from when we first moved here in 2016.
And he's a really nice guy.
I don't really know how to say it any other way, except that he's a really, really nice guy.
And so I'm just going to call him Dr. Schmuckler.
And Dr. Schmuckler is a nice guy.
We met him when we first moved here.
He was really close to our house.
And we were just flabbergasted by getting so lucky as to get an appointment with somebody who happened to be one of the more popular doctors in the region.
People drive from Ohio to see Dr. Schmuckler.
He's a really interesting fellow.
Sometimes he has long, black, curly hair that he can leave wet.
And he kind of looks like a terrorist, but he's really tall.
I don't know what you would call this guy other than really nice, really charming, incredibly enthusiastic around the kids and really makes engagement with the eyes.
He's a magical dude.
But at the start of the pandemic, when I was in the midst of losing my job at the University of Pittsburgh, I wrote him a pretty detailed letter about why transfection was something that he shouldn't be giving to people and why I knew something about it and why I desperately wanted him to know that it was inappropriate.
And I thought it was so inappropriate that I was willing to lose my job at the University of Pittsburgh to get that word out.
And that review didn't have any real effect on him.
Now, my wife has had other medical problems, but I won't disclose here.
And at times we have still gone to Dr. Smuckler for her, because again, he was all of our doctor and she still feels very, felt very comfortable with him up until today, yesterday.
But at the start of the school year, it's a couple weeks away, we wanted to just get everybody in and because we had to switch to CHIP and you know, some kind of insurance that the government pays for, the way that our registration with Dr. Smuckler works, we still had to go in for an appointment and to keep ourselves registered.
And so after a lot of hemming and hawing, Phila decided to take the kids in.
And so she took our two youngest kids in, an eight-year-old and a 13-year-old.
And before the appointment occurred, she got a phone call that said, number one, we will want to see Kira on his own in a meeting with the doctor that you won't be able to be in because he's 13.
She, of course, was kind of confused by that, but then all said, OK, whatever, because we have confidence in our 13 year old.
And then she said over the phone, the nurse said that they're going to be just to warn your kids there.
They really need to be updated on their shots because so they're going to get quite a few need to be updated on quite a few shots when they get here.
And my wife said very explicitly, oh no, sorry, we're just there to see Dr. Smuckler.
We're not going to take any, you know, we don't, no, we don't, we're not doing that anymore.
Oh, okay, okay.
So then they drove to the, they drove to the, to the place and came in.
And the first thing that came out of their mouth when they,
When they were in the doctor's office, they had taken some measurements.
And then the first thing that really threw my wife was my 13-year-old was telling the doctor,
I'm sorry, this is such a bad story, but was telling the doctor about his basketball and how he does it and how serious he is and how serious he was before he went to the Netherlands and how he's getting back in the saddle, yada, yada, yada.
And in measuring him and putting his number into the computer and whatever, the doctor thought it would be appropriate to say, well, it looks like the maximum you're probably going to get is 510.
And so I don't think NBA is a very good plan for you.
It was just the sort of kind of heartless way that he said it.
And sort of kind of like, you know, he might as well have just gone.
Sorry, Kira, but I hate to tell you, you didn't win the prize.
So, you know, I still don't know how realistic that is.
I don't know how accurate that prediction is.
And I don't think Aaron made much effort to say, at least there's some hope you could be 6'2", or, you know, it was remarkable to hear that.
And then in the presence of a training doctor, Dr. Smuckler decided to say, okay, so about these shots.
So I understand that they asked you something about this on the phone, but these kids are all quite far behind.
They need their MMR again.
They need this, that, and the other.
And Fearless said, no, you know my husband's background and you know how we feel.
We've decided we've had enough.
We're not gonna do those anymore.
And so maybe it's the way that she said it, but he said, do you need some more education?
Do you need me to explain to you why they're so valuable?
Kira needs an HPV shot.
And she said, no, we don't.
You know my husband's background, no.
And do you want Kira to tell you it on his own?
Kira, go ahead.
And Kira said, no, I'm not, I'm never taking another vaccine again.
And so they kind of left it at that, but then they said, okay, so now we're going to ask you to, you and Freddie to step out and we're going to talk to Kira on his own.
And so this is where it gets pretty dark because after my wife left and my daughter left, the doctor briefly stepped out and the nurse started to press my son about the shots.
And as the doctor came back in, he too,
said that it might be, you know, maybe you, you as a, as a smart kid or whatever, understand that, you know, these shots are, you know, do you, do you want to go and, and take these recommended shots anyway?
And Kira's like, absolutely not.
He also told me that they actually asked him
if there's any problems at home, if he's abused, or the parents are violent.
Do you feel comfortable talking to us in front of your parents?
And most importantly, they asked him whether he was a boy or a girl, or knew for sure whether he was a boy or a girl.
Not whether he was gay.
but they asked him whether he knew for sure whether he was a boy or a girl.
And I cannot fathom that that happened with this man that I used to have respect for.
I mean, in discussing this with one of my friends, one of my friends suggested that this could even be traumatic in the sense of why would any adult that you respect and look up to ask you a question like that?
What would be the motivation for that?
Um, you know, after five minutes ago saying, yeah, by the way, all that dedication that you're explaining to me that has resulted in all this muscle mass that has made you so healthy, that I think is just the greatest thing ever that, you know, the support that your parents have given you to get up at five in the morning and do all that work.
Um, you know, you might be a little shorter than, than optimal.
So keep your spirits up, but why in the world?
Would you just tell a kid that just told you how crazy he is about basketball that give up on NBA and ask him whether he knows for sure if he's a boy or a girl or not?
And so I think, quite frankly, that we are in a much darker place than I imagined, which is something that's almost, you know, something I say about every two months in the house.
money for checking the box.
It could be, it could be checking boxes, it could be, but it is absolutely horrifying to imagine teenagers with uninformed parents and young kids with uninformed parents going in there with that level of consensus about what is right and expected and good to do for the community and herd immunity.
I don't think we're ever going back to him again, which is unfortunate for our family, because we at one point felt as though, you know, he was like, you know, gotta have a lawyer and a mechanic and a doctor.
And we thought we had the doctor covered, but apparently we don't.
To mRNA vaccines.
AI voice.
That was Mike Palmer.
That's the that's the chairperson darn it I keep trying to pause it the wrong way I apologize
So on a bus to Stockholm, that is Mike Palmer.
He is the kind of coordinator guy for the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics, half of a original group that split up around 2021.
The other half is called Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics.
And at three o'clock today, Sasha Latupova started presenting to the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics, chaired by Charles Kovas and
and Stephen Frost.
But actually, at the beginning of the pandemic, both the Doctors for COVID Ethics and Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics International were the same group.
And the group split in half because this guy has some book about how the Hiroshima bomb is faked.
And they got in some kind of argument about it with some dude called Roger Hodgkinson from Canada, who I am sure is a scripted liar on the same team.
and split the group in half.
It could be that Stephen Frost is still a good guy and the people that go to that meeting are still pretty good.
But what happened at the original Doctors for COVID Ethics group involved this guy and Roger Hodgkinson.
And Roger Hodgkinson has been on too many streams with too many of these punks.
I know for sure he's,
a scripted meddler.
And so they orchestrated this fracturing of the original doctors for COVID ethics, I guarantee you.
And here they are on a bust all together, going to present in Stockholm, Sweden at the beginning of 2023, a video that I covered last week.
And now remember, this conference in Stockholm, Sweden, Robert Malone did not present about the MRNA.
He presented about fifth generation warfare and explained to you that there were no ethics, that you would never know who was attacking you because it would be impossible for you to win.
And then he played that silly, spooky video from U.S.
Army recruitment.
I covered it last week in detail, it's spectacular.
And now they are going to show you a video and represent that as though those people were all over there in Stockholm trying to tell you about the mRNA.
I mean, the conference name is correct, but the content of it is so misrepresented, it's a joke.
For years, a growing number of prominent experts have been investigating what they believe could be serious potential harms linked to these vaccines.
It really looks like to me that Ryan Cole was there, but not on stage when I saw it.
It looks to me like Pierre Kory was there, but he wasn't on stage when I saw it.
And it looks like Jill Glasspool Malone is there.
There's that French geneticist lady.
who I think is a legit good lady.
She was in the original Doctors for COVID Ethics.
That's this lady.
I don't know if you can see my, I don't think you can see this.
Maybe you can see this arrow.
Can you see this arrow when I move it around her head?
Can anyone tell me whether you can see this arrow?
Yes, I can see this arrow.
So that lady is a good guy.
She's a geneticist from France.
She's really nice.
She was in the original Doctors for COVID Ethic.
That's Jessica Rose in the background.
This, of course, you know, is Aseem, the dream mahaltra.
This is Ryan Cole, soon to be governor of Idaho.
This is an international operation.
coordinated, scripted meddlers that have facilitated the novel virus, killed millions, millions more were saved from, would likely come again because it was from a lab leak.
They're all part of that.
All of these people who are responsible for everybody being so damn afraid and confused that they ended up taking the shot are now claiming to be saving us from it and having always spoken out.
And it's a lie.
Stop lying!
So I'll see the next slide before I come back.
It's a solution to get through the truth out to the public around these major issues.
And again, we've got good quality observational data showing increase in heart attacks and cardiac arrest in people aged between 16 and 40, so younger people.
Remember, they are on stage here with Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soph, a preteen that was featured exclusively on Alex Jones in 2019.
A preteen who lost a million followers on YouTube before the pandemic because she threatened to shoot the CEO.
She also has videos where she's telling everybody to kill all the UK cops.
That's the daughter of the woman that's on stage with Aseem Malhotra and Meryl Nass of CHD and Anthrax Blogspot and Robert Malone and Mike Palmer of the one half of Doctors for COVID Ethics.
You see, this is all one malevolent show where every part of the dissident movement was fractured into fighting rivalry groups.
And then as we came to the conclusion where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be somewhere near HHS, we have people complaining about the people trying to fracture the movement like Mary Talley Bowden is trying to fracture the movement and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And that is absolutely not happening.
Every single time the movement has been fractured it has been because of this group of casted, scripted actors causing the disruption, causing the rupture.
It is the only explanation for why they're all in this video together, hugging each other.
They're all at these international conferences together like the one in Romania in November of 2023.
There is no explanation for it other than a core group of scripted national security actors recruited from around the world to be used on social media to create the illusion that people are asking the right questions.
which was associated with the vaccine and not with COVID.
That's from Israel.
Having some of the brightest minds from around the world come together.
This is a group of highly competent professionals that are seeking to... Some of the brightest minds from around the world come together.
There she is on stage with them.
This is a group of...
That's Erso, he was also there.
That was the guy who did the, that dude was the guy who did the autopsies in Germany, who's now dead.
That guy's dead.
Are they gonna make this film in memory of that guy who found the white clots in German vaxxed people?
Transfected people?
No, because he says it's platelets.
No, because he says it's just clotting, not amyloid, fibril, something, something, or prions, something, something.
He says it's just aberrant clotting and autoimmunity to the endothelium.
He doesn't make it about amyloidosis and about prions because he's not a scripted shithead, but he is dead.
competent professionals.
There they are again on stage together.
I'm going to pause here.
I mean, Pierre Corey is responsible for saying that the general talk screen of George Floyd ruled out any other death other than, other than, of course, you know, the cops suffocated him.
But in reality, any normal talk screen doesn't look for synthetic opioids.
They're not a part of a normal drug tox screen.
So if just the standard drug tox screen was done on George Floyd, just like the standard tox screen was done on Brandy Vaughn, but they were both killed by fentanyl overdose or car fentanyl overdose, neither of those two would have been found to be murdered.
And the doctor who testified that the cops suffocated
George Floyd is Pierre Kory.
This minds from around the world come together.
This is a group of highly competent professionals.
I mean, that right there is crazy.
That right there is Mike Palmer.
If you can see my arrow, Mary, sorry, Meryl Nass.
of Children's Health Defense who lied to me to my face the night before Bobby announced his run for president and told me that Mary Holland and her went to the Malone farm to vet him for CHD in 2020.
And when they did that, he was clueless.
He didn't even know what the WEF was.
That's the level of stupidity that they imagine you might have if they coordinate a script and insist that it's true.
Sasha Latupova is the mother of one of the shittiest personalities pre-COVID on the internet.
I hate to say it, but that's the way it is.
She might be a very nice girl, but the content that she made before the pandemic is atrocious.
And some of the youngest examples of Sasha's daughter on the internet are really actually gross.
And it is seemingly obvious to me that that makes her a very awful, abusive mom because she took advantage of the fact that her young teenage daughter looked much younger than she was and made content that got her a million followers on YouTube, faking, you know, talking about sex and penises and faking overdoses, got her all the way to the notoriety of being three times on Alex Jones.
in 2019.
Her being on stage with Robert Malone in Stockholm, Sweden, her being in a video being exclusively circulated to the far right retards in America, is all evidence that the populace questioning right that is coming and rallying around Donald Trump and Steve Bannon have been played.
And they are about to be smashed into the ground
by the same frauds that played them for the last five years.
Because make no mistake about it, there's nobody on the left that can't see through this shit.
There's nobody on the left that isn't rolling their eyes about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Vinay Prasad and Jay Bhattacharya.
They don't even see them.
And when they do, they just roll their eyes because it's like a clown car pulled in.
And here we are on the right defending Donald Trump as a 5D chess player, defending Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as somebody who's been failing for 25 years, but eventually he's gonna score the touchdown, has Mary Holland as somebody who's been putting everything on the line for 15 years, and Sherry Tenpenny and all these other people that work 18 hours a day for 25 years haven't scored the touchdown yet, but they're just gonna right now.
This movie just came out and is being circulated by the same people that are responsible for the lab leak Scooby-Doo that made everybody convinced to take this shit in the first place.
Robert Malone, one of the inventors of mRNA technology, voices his concerns about the safety of mRNA vaccines.
The evidence about the adverse events from the vaccines is unequivocal.
It is absolutely overwhelming.
These adverse events clearly include myocarditis and a number of other things, including, in particular, clotting disorders.
But we're just still learning about many of the long-term adverse events.
Stop lying!
Robert Malone's website lists nearly 800 papers on mRNA vaccine side effects.
Robert Malone is a brilliant man.
He was a brilliant researcher.
He could reasonably have won the Nobel Prize, really.
It was that good.
That affects.
Robert Malone is a brilliant man.
He was a brilliant researcher.
He could reasonably have won the Nobel Prize, really.
It was that good.
So are you aware of the fact that Hilary Koprowski trained Stanley Plotkin, trained a guy named Weiner, who later became one of the dudes at Inovio and worked with Robert Malone?
Are you aware
that Paul Offit trained with Stanley Plotkin and with Paul Offit, I mean, sorry, and with Hilary Kaprowski.
It's almost like, really, if you see what Mark did in that short, it's like Hilary Kaprowski and Plotkin and Offit and Weiner and Malone are all connected by just one degree of separation, either by postdoc, training, apprentice, whatever.
And
Mary Holland and Paul Offit and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
have been kind of like fake acting rivals on a non-moving, non-evolving script for 15 years where the MMR vaccine or some component of it is responsible for Mary's son's
autism, the same as Pauly Tommy's son's autism, and the same autism that supposedly Andrew Wakefield is responsible for identifying in a paper that's fake or not fake in The Lancet.
According to one of the moms in the study, Paula Aitken, it's fake.
Her son doesn't fit at all what they claim he fit.
And it's possible that a lot of those kids didn't.
but it moved more than six million votes in the UK for prime minister back in the 2000s.
And then they moved to the United States and set up Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for a White House run as a limited spectrum of debate anti-vaxxer.
Opposed exclusively on the internet for 15 years by Paul Offit.
Remember, if Robert Malone has been scripting
Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Judy Mikovits for this long, it would make perfect sense that only now are we going to pivot to Paul Offit and Robert Malone.
And before that, we have been working with these surrogates in between.
the anti-vaxxers, the Judy Mikovits, the Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the Mary Holland and the Brian Hooker, who of course are going to someday get around to telling you that it's mostly black kids that got hurt and mostly black boys because William Thompson said so in 2013.
So that whole narrative is still going to play out, I assure you, and it will be played out by those express people, those exact cast members,
And the only parsimonious explanation for why it is that we are having such a high production thing where the ZDogg podcast and the footage of the ZDogg podcast talking about Robert Malone is now being combined, I guess, against the will of, you know, Paul Offit would say, oh, you're taking my words out of context.
I mean, he was a brilliant scientist.
He's not brilliant anymore because he's so crazy.
It almost seems like they're using his footage against him.
It is a brilliant level of fifth generation warfare going on here.
And once you see that Paul Offit and Mary Holland were put in place a long time ago with this limited script,
with the whole idea of during the pandemic becoming the manifestation of EpiGirl in the Spars pandemic document, the resistance on social media to the narrative that the Vaxx didn't hurt anybody.
In reality, they're going to have to cop to the fact that they hurt some people.
And this is the real manifestation of what was represented in brochure form alone in the sparse pandemic document.
I guarantee you, they're all the same theater troupe.
The stuff that he did was that much of a breakthrough.
Look at that.
That's Gary Rhodes right there.
Now we're gonna go to the freaking farm.
Are you kidding me?
At that time, I had a series of discoveries that led to nine issued patents, which are the foundation technology for mRNA vaccines as well as DNA vaccination.
No fences, no barn.
This old barn that's falling down was here, but it was... Before the pandemic, Robert Malone was highly regarded... Again, remember this voice is obviously stupid and their choice to use it is part of the fifth generation warfare, getting you used to AI voices.
Otherwise, why in the world would they use an AI voice if it's not to get you used to an AI voice?
This is all part of it.
These people are just actors on a stage.
His might as well be the frickin' Star Trek Enterprise set.
He started in the academic world and enjoyed a fulfilling life at his homestead with his wife Jill.
We don't sell our mature mares.
They're kind of our family.
And this one right here, that's his great-grandmother.
She scored very high on inspection.
This is a technology that may have held promise at some point in time if the problems could have been solved.
It may have been destroyed, its positive potential, by this crazy rush to deploy it globally before it was ready.
Is that how he characterized it on the Brett Weinstein podcast in June of 2021 that they were rolling it out before it was ready when he said that he had two shots of Moderna and Steve Kirsch said he had two shots of Moderna?
Is that what he said in that podcast or did he say that on the Paul Cattrell podcast when he was joking about how dexamethasone is like a hammer for the immune system and that's how they cleared the hospitals?
and ended up killing a bunch of people in old folks' homes.
When did he say that exactly?
Because it wasn't on stage in Stockholm.
When Malone raised questions about the safety of COVID vaccines, his life was forever changed, and his concerns were categorically dismissed.
Stop lying!
These are highly credentialed people who are suffering from some kind of deep misunderstanding or delusion.
Those are the people I worry about because they're credentialed.
The ZDogg podcast again gets used.
The ZDogg voice gets used.
I wonder if he got any money.
We now have a modern studio.
Wow, did you see the equipment there?
Did you see that?
Misunderstanding or delusion.
Those are the people I worry about because they're credential.
That's a separate building.
Those lights are insane.
I have a modern studio.
Those cameras are insane.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have two Sony A6000s.
You can look it up what those are.
They're three quarter or they're small frame cameras.
You know, they're not full frame cameras.
I have E lenses on these.
These are two that I got off of Craigslist.
And I have a GoPro camera and I have some small lights.
that are about this big that are shining right here in front of my face that I get a little less shadow.
Do you honestly believe that he could set that up?
Do you honestly believe that that's, where did that fricking money come from?
That building, look at that shit.
And a four camera.
Now.
Four camera set up.
I've got two cameras and I've got one for when I write on the table.
I've got a green screen and I'm clever.
That's it.
I don't know what this is, but this dude was set up military style.
Oh, he's on a mission.
Conducting countless interviews and giving lectures to educate the public about the potential dangers of COVID vaccines and the rapid deployment of new mRNA products.
There are over 200 different clinical trials.
So they are trying to portray the trip to Sweden with all those, that clown car of jackasses.
They are trying to portray it as though he got up on stage to tell everybody the truth about MRNA, but he didn't.
He got up there and told them that it was fifth generation warfare that America had leashed on the world and that all these other countries got involved in.
And there was no way you were going to figure out who it was because it was so good.
for mRNA-based technology, and over 40 trials are currently enrolling.
Could mRNA technology potentially be introduced into the food supply through the vaccination of dairy cattle?
The administration of these types of technologies in humans has demonstrated that they can be shed in breast milk in humans.
And so it's likely that they could be shed in milk from dairy cattle.
9-4.
Did I just see what I thought I saw?
I think that might actually be Mike Palmer running the stream.
I can't tell for sure.
Science that can't be questioned is propaganda.
When we took an oath in medicine to first do no harm, where did that go?
Brian Cole, a pathologist with expertise in virology and immunology.
He believes that the harms of the COVID vaccines are significant and downplayed.
It's crazy to think that people... That was Mike Palmer in the front row there again.
Aren't doctors, aren't scientists.
We're pushing something that never worked.
This is not about freedom or personal choice.
And there were billions spread around and shared amongst each other.
And now we have millions of people around the world that carry permanent harm for the rest of their lives, who are now paralyzed, who now have neurodegenerative disease, who now have severe autoimmune diseases.
I just want you to understand that the reason why any of those people took the shot is because of the same theater performers.
Because of Robert Malone, because of Steve Bannon, because of Stephen Hatfield, because of Ryan Cole, because of Li Min Yan, because of all those people, people were scared enough and confused enough to take a transfection that no one ever told them what it was.
They specifically didn't.
And so to be claiming that they always knew is actually editing out 2020 and 2021 completely, because none of these assholes said it when people were taking it.
None of these people said anything when kids went back to college.
None of these people said anything.
People historically have this confidence in the concept of, oh, it's just a vaccine.
Well, no, it's not.
So you have to see, with regard to where the injection occurs, that every one of these doctors has failed us, including my own, including yours, because they should have already been sophisticated enough to understand, given the fact that they're giving vaccines, that some of them are subcutaneous and some of them can be intramuscular.
And there isn't a doctor on earth that shouldn't know enough about the human body to say that those are pretty different.
And there's certainly not a doctor that shouldn't be able to know that injection versus ingestion is extremely different.
And yet none of them, including Ryan Cole, is sophisticated enough to start saying that, you know, not all vaccines are the same.
And so, huh.
You know, he still can't even fight his way out of the wet paper bag.
Vaccine has never been a specific term.
And yet these people use it as if it is.
And they continue to do it now, six years later.
They want to mandate these on- That means they haven't progressed in their understanding.
People, well, we have this new technology, everybody needs to get it.
getting everyone vaccinated.
Don't forget that's also what Jordan Peterson said.
It's very likely that the M.R.
That's Mike Palmer.
That guy right there is a German biochemist from Canada.
And I believe that he is a a fake person on Robert Malone's script, just like Sasha Latapova is.
I mean, I think the best example of why Sasha Latapova is is her really
sad daughter and the sort of, you know, example on the internet that will follow her for the rest of her life that was permitted by her abusive mom.
new vaccines.
This guy's a fraud, right?
He was recruited after his dad died, but he's a handy English dude and he's Indian, which, you know, is not to be overlooked at this point.
Great coronary artery disease.
Now, as a cardiologist, that's really, really bad because what we've done is we have introduced into the population another risk factor for heart disease and heart attacks.
that means we will see an increased prevalence of heart attacks and sudden cardiac death going on for years.
Yeah, we could also see an increase of prevalence of cardiac and strokes and whatever else because our population pyramid is so top heavy and old.
And of course, these people are their job is going to be to misconstrue that.
There will be a signal in the young people, but that will be a signal that they will
they will obfuscate in a way that will not be genuine in order to make it debunkable by the other side.
I assure you, we are absolutely positively caught in a bear trap right now.
And the teeth of the bear trap are Mike Palmer, and Aseem Malhotra, and John Campbell, and Meryl Nass, and Mary Holland, and Robert Malone, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Jay Bhattacharya, and Marty McCary,
All of them.
All of them!
Jessica Rose, Jessica Hockett, Jonathan Engler, Nick Hudson, Claire Craig, Kevin McKernan, Charles Rixey, you know, Paul Cottrell, Kevin McCairn, all of them.
And that's my biggest fit.
The spike protein staining in that salmon color is physically in the heart.
They're essentially doing the post-transfection research
reiterating that it works, but the spike protein is the problem.
It is the narrative that I predicted they were doing when I finally decided that Walter Chestnut was full of shit in 2021.
At that point, I knew that the spike protein narrative was bullshit.
In 2021,
And I could explain the details of why it was bullshit.
You see, that's what's so remarkable.
That's why they came to me in groups of five.
We shouldn't have Wuhan spike protein in young boys hospitalized in Germany with myocarditis.
As we sit here today, there's over 3,000 papers in the peer-reviewed literature that describe COVID-19 vaccine injuries, disabilities, and deaths.
Peter McCullough is a widely published cardiologist whose extensive knowledge and expertise have established him as a leading authority in the field of cardiology.
Prior to the pandemic, I had focused on the interface between heart and kidney disease and in that
domain, I was the most published person in the world in history and remain to that day.
I've given grand rounds in every major institution in the United States, published extensively across all the major journals.
I was the editor of two major journals.
Peter McCullough believes observational and case studies suggest a possible link between the vaccine and... I don't think that Walter Chestnut knows how badly he was played because for a little while I was playing him, not on purpose, but because people around me and people behind me were encouraging me to follow him and amplify him and learn what he was teaching.
And I did.
I even steered $5,000 of money that I probably should have steered to my own.
I steered it to him.
But that guy doesn't understand that all the reading that he's done, all the papers that he's done, all the papers that people told him to read and promote, those papers don't add up to understanding the way that he has portrayed it.
they add up to a national security script that makes the spike protein some kind of magical biological entity, which it might be, it's possible, but it wouldn't have mattered at all had people not been tricked into believing that it was also on a virus, that it was also circulating, that it was also in white-tailed deer.
You see, and all of those people are responsible for that.
Serious conditions.
encephalitis, seizures, and then dangerous intracranial hemorrhages and strokes.
Outside in the peripheral nervous system, papers have been written demonstrating the vaccines over time, particularly cumulative toxicity, cause a small fiber neuropathy and they cause dysregulation of the sympathetic nervous system.
We call this posterior orthostatic tachycardia syndrome or POTS.
The COVID-19 vaccines cause myocarditis.
They cause heart damage.
Heart attack deaths have become more common across all age groups.
Experts call for much more research into health issues that have risen during and after the pandemic, taking into account the effects of COVID, vaccines and lockdowns.
See, so there they're reinforcing the idea that the spike protein from Wuhan was also nasty.
There was a story about how, I don't know, Ralph Baric had tested it in rabbits and also caused cardiac problems.
But transfection to a wide variety of proteins done the wrong way could easily result in the same thing.
But they, of course, have obfuscated that simple fact because they want you to believe these are new technologies and also a new protein.
They want you to believe that all kinds of these variables could be different if it wasn't how unlucky we were and how rushed we were.
This is the narrative they always plan to roll out.
And that's why these people have been there for six years, including Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose and Robert Malone and Stephanie Seneff and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Meryl Nass.
They've been there since the beginning because these are the people that have been scripted from the beginning.
They killed Tony Bark and they killed Brandy Vaughn in order to make sure that this national security operation would go off without a hitch.
And they put me in the acknowledgements of this book, hoping that I would shut my mouth and go along with it.
And I didn't.
And that's why, you know, it's true because nobody's paying attention.
Nobody will publish this.
Nobody will ruin the Trump administration using me.
Nobody will discredit CHD once and for all using me.
Not one journalist on planet Earth is willing to tell the truth about what's happening to America and how it's being done by a complex web of actors on the internet.
They won't do it.
Because this trap is almost closed, ladies and gentlemen.
They are about to drop conservative America on their face.
and start the controlled demolition of America.
It's coming.
If we don't pull our kids out, if we don't get the left to forgive the people that were absolutely attacked by social media, you know, only people who don't follow orders need to be attacked.
Only people who have faith in the Lord Jesus Christ needed to be attacked.
Only people who have faith in God or in
in a higher power needed to be attacked and also misrepresented and made to look the fool like people like Russell Brand.
It's two sides of the same coin.
Russell Brand is an attack on people with faith the same way that the whole vaccine thing and the anti-vax movement was an attack on people with faith.
The health freedom movement is an attack on people with faith.
The, the Trump administration has been an attack on people with faith because Trump doesn't have it.
Nobody in their right mind can believe that Donald Trump is a struggling Christian, struggling to do it right every day.
Nobody can believe that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
actually gets up in the morning and prays for 30 minutes on his knees, and actually believes that Donald Trump is the answer to those years of prayer.
Nobody actually believes that Sherry Tenpenny actually heard the voice of the Lord say that it's because you're willing to do the work.
And that's why she spent 25 years and 18 hours a day trying to figure out something to do with the vaccine schedule.
You can't honestly believe that.
You can't honestly believe that this is a real movie made from real people trying to solve a real problem and address a real issue.
This is a national security theater of the highest order.
Sudden death among healthy working age people worldwide is skyrocketing.
There has been an increased rise, a sharp rise in unexplained deaths during the pandemic.
Deaths that are not listed as COVID related.
Cardiac arrest incidents are at the highest ever recorded in Victoria.
Nice music.
The lack of humility.
There he is.
Holy shit.
Geert van den Bosch was there.
You gotta be kidding me.
That looks like the hat that Robert Malone wore in the video in the mountains of Spain with Geert van den Bosch and Matthias Desmet.
That video was awesome.
Look at Sasha Latupova, the mother of Soap sitting back there.
That's freaking remarkable.
These experts deliver a clear message.
Remember, what I'm suggesting is that all of these people are on the same international security script.
The same NATO operation, I don't know what it is, the same...
It is remarkable, but it is absolutely positively true.
It is not by accident that every one of these people has been on my screen, on my, on my list of meddlers for the last three years that got me fired from CHD is because of talking about that white haired man over there.
Jay Bhattacharya asked me three times in one weekend to stop saying Robert Malone's name because he was about to be NIH head and he could help me out once he was there.
The COVID vaccines, especially those using mRNA technology, should be stopped immediately.
They also urge a much greater focus and allocation of resources to investigate all safety signals.
I think I'm uniquely qualified to speak on what's been going on for the last years.
I actually have degrees in applied mathematics, immunology, computational biology, biochemistry, and molecular biology.
She freaking did it!
She actually did something that, understand this please, please understand how vital it is that you get this.
Any academic scientist that's actually an academic and actually working somewhere between a PhD and tenure would be able to tell you that what she just said, which is saying that she has five post-secondary degrees and then listed off
one word or two word definitions for her postdocs, because postdocs are just short apprentices, apprenticeships that you do with somebody.
She never had a position at a university.
She did five postdocs in a row.
Some of which were funded by NATO.
The earliest of which were virology postdocs.
making computational models of hypothetical viral spread.
This lady is not a person with five degrees and can't find a faculty position or had so many offers at so many big universities that she decided to go to Substack and write instead.
and she doesn't have five degrees as she lists them now.
This would absolutely positively label her as a fraud to anybody, anybody, anybody that has any kind of faculty position or ever had one in an academic setting.
It is just rock solid, dried in the sun bullshit.
Wow.
On what's been going on for the last years.
I actually have degrees in applied mathematics, immunology, computational biology, biochemistry, and molecular biology.
These things need to stop.
That is some seriously malevolent shit.
That is the most extraordinary level of
Fake it until you make it.
I've ever heard.
I'm sure that's what she's paid to do.
I'm sure she so wants to get off stage right now because this is so bullshit.
I mean, this is gross.
This is really, really gross.
And it sets us up.
You see, if you were to share Jessica Rose with your family and they saw this clip and any one of them was aware, like I am aware that you don't call postdocs post-secondary degrees and you certainly don't represent it as you having five different backgrounds in which you are an expert because you spent a year and a half doing it.
I mean, that would be very equivalent to say that, well, I went and did some ballet classes, and then I went and did some photography classes, and then I went and did some pottery classes, and then I went and did some sculpture classes, and then I went and did some painting classes, and now I consider myself a visual artist that works as an expert in three-dimensional metal sculpting, and I'm also a really avid photographer, and I'm also
Like representing yourself as something that you are not five times over.
I changed the starter in my motorcycle so I'm a motorcycle mechanic.
I fly a kite so I'm actually also a pilot.
I have a camera and I've taken pictures so I'm also a photographer and I'm really an expert on lenses and optics.
It is so frickin' fraudulent what she's doing here.
And the fact of the matter is, is that she is a reflection of all of these people because Robert Malone is just as fraudulent.
Frickin' Paul Offit is just as fraudulent.
Vincent Racaniello is just as fraudulent.
ZDogg is just as fraudulent.
Meryl Nass and Mary Holland are just as fraudulent.
Oh my goodness, Andrew Wakefield and Pauly Tommy are just as fraudulent as this fraud!
...and allocation of resources to investigate all safety signals.
I think I'm uniquely qualified to speak on what's been going on for the last years.
I actually have degrees in applied mathematics, immunology, computational biology, biochemistry and molecular biology.
These things need to stop being pushed and given today.
Not one more shot should be delivered.
It's the constant same message that's not true.
I'm referring to primarily the safe and effective message still being put out today.
These mRNA products specifically, those are the ones I know the most about.
are neither.
And so the main message is that the people who are injured.
So they took and rented a place in Stockholm and had multiple cameras recording this interview and then didn't release it until 2025.
Do you see that?
I guess they could have gone back to the same place with the same people and more people and then had them on stage.
But I don't think that's what happened because if you see the slides that are behind Robert Malone, the one time they show him on there, it's actually the same slides that I covered the other day.
So they are grossly misrepresenting something that happened three years ago, two years ago, three years ago, January of 2023.
It's now 24, 25.
You see, it's more than two and a half years ago.
and they're representing it as this kind of real, really like kind of right now.
Who haven't made the connection between.
And it wasn't back then, right?
When they got on stage back then, Meryl Nass didn't tell you anything about it.
She told you about, you know, a deep state thing.
And so did Robert Malone.
And so Sasha Latapova told you it was the DOD.
There was almost no one except for Mike Palmer talking about the mRNA shot at that conference, but they're representing it as though they all went there to say the same freaking thing.
Do you see it?
You know, why they're injured and why they're suffering, I want to provide them, you know, the most help.
First of all, to know that they're not alone.
What a trash monkey.
What a absolute piece of shit human this is.
Or, I guess you could let it all go and say that she's just an actor on a script.
She might as well be on a Star Trek set.
She might as well have pointy ears and just be telling you that the Romulans did it.
That's why there's no real emotion here.
That's why it's so frustrating to have tried to work or talk or interact with these people.
Because you think you're interacting with somebody, but actually it's just a person on a set, playing a role, reading a script, and you can't change it.
If they're being gaslit even by their own doctor.
What if they're being gaslit by shitheads like Jessica Rose?
You know, there are people out there who are establishing protocols to help the vaccine injured.
FLCC conference treating spike protein induced diseases.
It's all a script.
The post-vaccination community is... Don't forget that the FLCC was actually set up so that they could get in front of this dude.
This guy was all about high vitamin C. I'm sure he was about antibiotics.
So they're going to use him.
He's a good guy.
He doesn't understand what Pierre Kory did to him, but Pierre Kory became his best friend, put him in front of this group, set him up and scripted him, and he believed that Pierre Kory was a good guy.
He believes that ivermectin works.
It's not his fault.
because Robert Malone and all of them were in on it too, from the very beginning.
And FLCCC paid Pierre Khoury $230,000 a year for three years during the pandemic.
After, of course, he was a medical expert for George Floyd.
Desperately seeking treatments and a supportive environment where they feel seen.
Is anyone who's lost somebody in there?
family to the gym, please stand up.
Is anyone in this room who's been personally injured by the vaccine?
Please stand up.
If you know anyone who has been injured by the gym, please stand up.
Paul Merrick is recognized as one of the world's top specialists in pulmonary and critical care.
Except for two years when they were arguing about whether his vitamin C protocol was bullshit or not.
Having authored over 500 peer-reviewed publications, he is established as one of the most published physicians in his field.
Paul Merrick and his team are working on solutions for what he believes is a health catastrophe following mass vaccination.
They were never safe nor effective.
They harmed countless millions of people.
It should never have happened.
And it's a tragedy that it was allowed to happen.
What about the tragedy of like a million, you know, 500,000 people killed by opioids?
What about the tragedy of all the ventilation that shouldn't have happened?
and the high flow oxygen that shouldn't happen, and the antibiotics we should have used to treat the secondary pneumonia that we didn't treat because we called it a viral pneumonia.
What about that, Paul Merrick?
Maybe you're not such a good guy after all.
These so-called vaccines I think represent the worst of COVID and the worst of this deceit dishonesty that we've seen.
And I think we provide part of the answer to this terrible problem we're facing.
Look at that lineup.
Meryl Nass is not some country doctor from fricking Northern Maine who just happened to be in a discussion, a phone call in Congress with Veera Sharma and Robert Malone about the anthrax vaccine.
That's not accidental.
They are all part of a national security narrative that has seamlessly gone into the pandemic with planted actors.
that were ready to act for as many years as necessary and ride on as many planes as necessary.
And they even recruited some newer shitheads like the mother of Soph.
And Asim Malhotra.
And I mean, it's remarkable, but it's really how you got to see it.
Even if Mike Palmer is too dumb to know he's been played, he is essentially lost.
Because he hasn't made any progress in five years.
He actually lost my presentation that I did last year and did not post it on their website.
Yeah, Mike Palmer, that guy.
He did exactly what Nick Hudson did to the three presentations I did for Panda.
It's not by accident.
I have the email.
Mike Palmer said it.
Well, if there's a copy of it somewhere, then we don't need to put it on our website.
Mike Palmer is on the same team that Meryl Nass, Robert Malone, Sasha Latupova, Asim Malhotra, Pierre Corey, Ryan Cole, and Peter McCullough.
They're all on the same team.
America's frontline doctors, it's all the same fifth generation warfare.
It absolutely positively is.
And when you see it, you will wake up and you will be able to help your friends who were fooled by Maha and fooled by Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and fooled by the fake anti-vax movement and fooled by this fake health freedom movement and fooled by Donald Trump, fooled by Steve Bannon, fooled by the intellectual dark web.
You can free yourself of social media by getting off of it.
Experts critical of COVID vaccines point to biopsy findings, thousands of case reports, and large studies which they believe reveal real harm.
Health authorities and much of the... Professor Byram Bridle raised the alarm and actually caused or forced Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone to do the Bret Weinstein podcast in June of 2021, to get in front of him.
Absolutely, positively, Byron Bridle is a unwitting participant in this theater.
He's just not quite sophisticated enough to see through when six or eight people at the table are lying to him on the same script.
He's just not sophisticated enough to see through it when everybody that went on this trip to Romania is lying to him.
You gotta forgive him for that.
Just like you gotta forgive a lot of your family and friends for having fallen for the Trump show.
Because the Trump show started during the Obama administration and has been continued ever since.
Shit, the Trump show started with the Home Alone stuff.
It started with The Apprentice.
It started with all that.
Scientific community, find the claims unconvincing and point to thousands of studies as evidence.
Of course, the FDA is center here, right?
Because remember, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad and Brett Weinstein's dad were involved in the modernization of the FDA in the 60s when Estes Kefauver was killed three weeks before John F. Kennedy.
that the vaccines are well-researched and safe.
They argue that safety monitoring and research indicate side effects are very rare, and they view case reports and biopsies as inconclusive for linking them to vaccination.
The new FDA director is launching a national study into COVID-19 vaccine harms.
We have not gotten full elucidation of the risks of these mRNA vaccines.
And of course, I've spent the last three weeks showing you how much of a fraud this foreigner is, and how much of a fraud Jayant Bhattacharya is, and how much of a fraud Vinay Prasad is.
But Vinay's back.
And this guy never went anywhere.
He's doing a great job with the farmers market and stuff.
hundreds of thousands of people have claimed.
We're actually going to post market monitoring.
We're not testing things anymore.
We're not going to use animals anymore because that would be nuts and barbaric.
Um, God didn't put animals on earth for us to test with.
So we're going to use AI and we're going to use computer modeling and we're going to use fricking people that they've been vaccine injured.
I take those concerns very seriously.
What is inside my arm?
What's in my arm?
What's in my arm, yo?
In this chapter, let's break down the science using 3D visuals to show how the mRNA vaccine works and explore its potential links to clotting and heart damage.
But first, let's recognize that messenger RNA isn't just a man-made invention.
In its natural form, it's a marvel within our bodies.
There you go.
Here we go with the bad biology 101.
Evolution has gifted life with the wonders of genetic coding.
Evolution because DNA.
But nevermind that this is all based on RNA and that RNA went around the world and is still going around the world and became endemic.
It's evolution because DNA.
Here it is.
The blueprint of existence.
In this grand symphony of life, messenger mRNA plays a vital part.
The magnificent diversity of life stems from humble beginnings, evolving over billions of years to attain its marvelous complexity.
Isn't it a wonder that this video needed to even go and say the bad biology out loud that evolution because DNA, they're actually saying, making sure that you understand it with a cello in the background.
This is pretty fricking spectacular because it's spectacularly wrong.
The journey from primitive beings to complex creatures would not have been possible without the genetic blueprint called DNA and the related molecule RNA.
Yeah, RNA didn't have much to do with it because RNA has nothing to do with it.
That's awesome.
DNA holds all the instructions to maintain the body.
These instructions are then copied from DNA into smaller snippets called messenger RNA, which are the to-do list for each cell.
It's important to know that small mRNA transcripts, small microRNA transcripts that are complementary to this RNA can be used to regulate it because double-stranded RNA is chopped up.
So one of the mechanisms that adds to this impossible complexity at the cellular level is that any instructions which are translated from DNA to RNA are also regulated by RNA and RNA complementary to it.
And we don't have a good idea of how that all works, but we definitely know that that happens.
And so the idea that we put a rather heterogeneous collection of DNA into a set of nanoparticles and sent it into our body could have unleashed untold numbers of dysregulated systems, depending on where it went, because of the fact that RNA in our natural state and natural processes is regulated by other complementary RNA.
So you can think of DNA as the blueprint, and mRNA is the project manager, bringing plans to life.
I wonder where the ribosome fits in there with the project manager.
You see, that's already a level of simplification that made it absolutely capital bullshit.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade.
During the space race of the 1950s and 60s, genetics research saw rapid progress, including the discovery of messenger RNA in 1961.
I can tell you that everybody that was really in earnest working on heredity and DNA and the laws of life included a lot of physicists.
And those physicists were never satisfied with the results that they got in bacteria and bacteriophages.
And so they definitely are not satisfied with the results we don't have now about ourselves.
There's an illusion that's being painted here that we discovered a bunch of stuff in the 60s about DNA and we understand everything when we don't.
We couldn't even make it work very well at the bacterial level or the yeast level and the bacteriophage level.
We're still very, very far from understanding at that simplified level, nevermind at the level of our complexity across time.
today.
I mean, one of the things to realize is, is that they've kind of told you that because bacteria have DNA and plants have DNA and we have DNA and DNA gets translated into RNA and that gets made into proteins that we essentially understand how all life works.
And I've told you this analogy before, but just because you find gears in a dishwasher, and you find gears in a Swiss watch, and you find gears in an automobile, it doesn't mean that you now know how all these things work, because they all have gears in them.
But essentially, bad biology is that.
It is evolution because we found DNA.
Heredity because we found DNA.
And we understand that evolution is from a set point of some single-celled organism with DNA because everything has cells and DNA.
And that's just wrong.
That's terrible.
Because it doesn't acknowledge the fact that a lot of single-celled organisms don't actually go through a development, a trajectory across time.
Many multicellular organisms are not complicated enough to go through what would be really called a developmental process.
You know, some organisms on Earth have a metamorphosis.
And we have no clue how that is encoded in their DNA.
And there are many, most of them are insects.
And so we could actually experiment on them in any way we wanted to.
In any way we wanted to, there's no ethics with regard to experimenting on insects.
And yet somehow or another, we know nothing about the trajectory across time that describes the metamorphosis of an, I mean, we probably know some of the genes that are involved, but we don't know how that works like a watch.
We don't know how that works like an automobile and we don't know how that works even like a video game.
And yet the, the regular implication of anybody talking about biology and genetics and evolution is that we understand all of that with a fidelity that is so high or will be so high that you might as well just relax and watch Netflix because we'll take care of everything.
Scientists have figured out how to create a synthetic modified version of mRNA in the lab that is engineered to last longer and evade immune detection.
So here they are not telling you that it is an analog chemical substitute for the natural basis.
They're not telling you that at all.
Our cells mistake this lab-made mRNA as their own and our body starts to create proteins for therapeutics or vaccines.
It's funny how that ribosome looked a lot like the other enzyme we saw, and that ribosome wasn't embedded in a membrane.
Like, it's so bizarre, so inaccurate, these cartoons.
And again, remember, they decided they had to spend some time to make sure that everybody that watches this video understood the basics of Bad Biology 101, evolution because DNA.
The modified mRNA vaccines are created on a computer in a lab, without using a real virus.
These genetic vaccines only required the genetic sequence of the coronavirus.
We never had access to the physical virus to design the product.
Remember, because most viral signals in nature are just genetic sequences that have been identified by a wide variety and varied number of methodologies that include metagenomic sequencing.
And the accuracy and the targets that are found are all influenced by the code underlying it and the processing that happens afterward, the modeling and statistics that happens afterward.
And so once they start creating a large quantity of a particular sequence, they're already not doing anything natural anymore.
They're instead manufacturing a large quantity of relatively pure DNA or RNA, which can have all kinds of biological consequences, but has no relation to whatever biological significance that sequence that they purport to have found had in nature.
There's nothing, nothing related at all.
In the early stages of the pandemic, Chinese scientists released the genetic code of the coronavirus, sparking a global race to develop a vaccine.
As soon as we get that sequence, let's plug it into mRNA, that's all I needed was the sequence.
They used the genetic code provided by Chinese scientists as a backbone for their mRNA vaccine.
The modified genetic code in the vaccine instructs our bodies to produce only a specific part of the coronavirus rather than the entire virus itself.
Vaccine platforms are using what's called the spike protein of the coronavirus.
I mean, if you think about how absurd it is that there are like 31 proteins they could have chosen.
And then they told us this elaborate story about the role of spike protein and ACE2 specificity.
And they had all these actors on stage telling us about ACE2 specificity and Bradykinin and all this other shit.
It was all one orchestrated cluster.
Actors on all sides.
And the worst part is, ladies and gentlemen, is the idea that they would take people like me and whisper in my ear and try to get me to be an actor on stage and not even know it.
Which is what they probably did to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for most of his adult life.
i'm not saying i'm robert f kennedy jr i'm just saying that that's how people intelligence works they send a bunch of scripted actors to you as a group or as a non-group that seem to agree somehow serendipitously and it convinces robert f kennedy jr that you know despite the the charming nature and his very uh
you know, eloquent way of teaching everything, you know, trust Robert Malone, Jonathan Cooley's full of shit.
Trust Merrill Nass, your long trusted advisor, Jonathan Cooley's full of shit.
And so he just went with it.
I just don't think he's sophisticated enough to see that he's been handled for decades.
Probably even by Gavin DeBecker himself, the guy that did security for him all those years, his best friend.
It's probably also just on Robert Malone's paycheck or vice versa.
I mean, the whole thing is a fake, right?
The whole CHD is a fraud.
Bobby might know that.
but maybe he also knows that his friend is involved.
I don't know.
I don't know anymore.
I just know for sure that it is a theater and these are actors and you shouldn't get, I need to try and teach myself not to get all fired up about whatever they are scripted to say because Jessica Rose is just playing a Vulcan science officer on the Star Trek Enterprise or the Star Trek COVID.
The Starship COVID.
Oh my gosh.
She is playing a science officer on the Starship COVID.
That's it.
That's what she is.
Once this mRNA code is injected into your body, it instructs your cells to make these coronavirus spikes.
Holy crap.
Okay, I hate to break it to you, but I gotta stop.
I'm so hungry and we're only like halfway through.
It says we have 35 minutes left.
So I'll just pick this up either tonight or tomorrow and finish this off.
I hope you can see how extraordinary this is.
I hope you can see how damning it is.
how important it is that we start pulling our heads out and pull our support away from the Trump administration, pull our support away from Maha Podcasts, pull your support away from all these substacks.
You gotta stop supporting these people because they don't deserve your $5 a month.
They absolutely do not.
Jessica Rose does not deserve to be getting $30,000 a month from Substack.
Robert Malone doesn't deserve to have 50,000 people giving him money on Substack.
It's just wrong.
These people are the worst kinds of frauds.
It's really remarkable.
Thanks very much for being here.
Thanks for letting me leave so quick.
And I'll see you tomorrow for sure.
I'm going to try and get on early.
I don't know how that helps everybody, but the mid-afternoon doesn't really work very well for me.
It's just kind of happening that way right now.
Well, I don't remember why it was today to happen because I had a bank appointment today, which was supposed to be Friday.
So anyway Thanks for the patience.
Thanks for For the patience and I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll see you all week, but I'll see you tomorrow for sure